 db.movies.insert({title:"The Avengers", description :"S.H.I.E.L.D. leader Nick Fury is compelled to launch the 'Avengers Initiative' when Loki poses a threat to planet Earth. Will Nick Fury's squad of superheroes prove themselves equal to the task?", ratingimdb : "8.1/10", ratingrottentomatoes:"92%", releaseyear : "2012", noofuserrated : "52541", timelength :"2hrs 23min", directorname : "Joss Whedon", cateogry :["Science Fiction","Action","Adventure"], language:["English", "Hindi"], starcast :"Chris Evans , Robert Downey Jr., Scarlett Johansson", postername:"avengers",storyline : "Nick Fury is the director of S.H.I.E.L.D., an international peace-keeping agency. The agency is a who's who of Marvel Super Heroes, with Iron Man, The Incredible Hulk, Thor, Captain America, Hawkeye and Black Widow. When global security is threatened by Loki and his cohorts, Nick Fury and his team will need all their powers to save the world from disaster."})


db.movies.insert({title:"127 Hours", description :"Aron Ralston, a mountain climber, is on a hiking adventure in Utah when he gets trapped in a canyon. Soon, he takes desperate measures to survive and struggles for 127 hours before he is rescued.", ratingimdb : "7.6/10", ratingrottentomtoes:"93%", releaseyear : "2011", noofuserrated : "12541", timelength :"1hr 34min", directorname : "Danny Boyle", cateogry :["Adventure","Biography","Drama"], language:["English", "French"], starcast :"James Franco , Aron Ralston, Kate Mara, Amber Tamblyn, Clemence Poesy", postername:"127 hours",storyline : " 127 Hours is the true story of mountain climber Aron Ralston's remarkable adventure to save himself after a fallen boulder crashes on his arm and traps him in an isolated canyon in Utah. Over the next five days Ralston examines his life and survives the elements to finally discover he has the courage and the wherewithal to extricate himself by any means necessary, scale a 65 foot wall and hike over eight miles before he can be rescued. Throughout his journey, Ralston recalls friends, lovers, family, and the two hikers he met before his accident. Will they be the last two people he ever had the chance to meet?"})

db.movies.insert({title:"Dilwale", description :"Raj falls hopelessly in love with Meera, but they have to part ways due to their families' rivalry. Fifteen years later, they are destined to meet again when their respective siblings fall in love.", ratingimdb : "5.4/10", ratingrottentomtoes:"0%", releaseyear : "2015", noofuserrated : "24141", timelength :"2hrs 38min", directorname : "Rohit Shetty", cateogry :["Action","Comedy","Crime"], language:["Hindi"], starcast :["Sharkuh Khan","Kajol"], postername:"Dilwale",storyline : "Raj is a Mafia member. One day he meet a girl (Meera) while chasing by his rival gang and falls in love with her. Later he finds out that this girl is the daughter of the leader of his rival gang. Yet their love story continues until he was shot by his girlfriend upon a deep misunderstanding. After that incident these two lovers lives separate until their siblings fallen in love. With this new love story their paths intertwines again."})

db.movies.insert({title:"Drive Angry", description :"John Milton escapes from hell to find his daughter's killers and rescue his granddaughter from the clutches of a satanic cult that wants to sacrifice her to the devil on the full moon night.", ratingimdb : "5.5/10", ratingrottentomtoes:"45%", releaseyear : "2011", noofuserrated : "20141", timelength :"1hr 45min", directorname : "Pattrick Lusier", cateogry :["Thriller","Action"], language:["English"], starcast :["Nicolas Cage","Amber Heard","William Ficthner"], postername:"drive angry",storyline : "John Milton is up against the clock: Jonah King, the leader of a Satanic cult, has murdered Milton's daughter and kidnapped her baby. In three days, King and his followers will sacrifice the child at midnight. Milton picks up the trail in Oklahoma as well as rescuing a waitress named Piper from her brutal, two-timing fiancé. There are odd things about Milton: his driver's license is out of date, he has a very strange gun, and he's being pursued by a man in a suit who carries FBI ID and calls himself the Accountant. Piper, who's lived a life on the sidelines, has to piece things together on the fly as they close in on King."})


db.movies.insert({title:"Friday the 13th", description :"Friday the 13th is considered an unlucky day in Western superstition. It occurs when the 13th day of the month in the Gregorian calendar falls on a Friday", ratingimdb : "5.6/10", ratingrottentomtoes:"0%", releaseyear : "2009", noofuserrated : "14781", timelength :"1hr 37min", directorname : "Marcus Nispel", cateogry :["Horror"], language:["English"], starcast :" Jared Padalecki,  Amanda Righetti,  Derek Mears", postername:"friday the 13",storyline : " A group of young adults set up tent near the abandoned summer camp where a series of gruesome murders are said to have taken place back in 1980. The perpetrator was a grieving mother, driven insane by the drowning of her child, Jason, whom she believed was neglected by the camp counselors. As legend has it, the last survivor of the attacks beheaded the woman. But then Jason came back, and now he is a vengeful and inexorable killer, wielding crossbows, swords, axes and other sharp instruments. The legend proves horribly true, as these campers quickly discover. Six months later, the brother of one of those campers distributes posters of his missing sister. The police believe she took off with her boyfriend; but he knows better. The brother crosses paths with an uptight young rich guy who is having his girlfriend and friends over at his parents' cabin. The brother ends up at the cabin himself just before his sister's attacker sets upon them all."})


db.movies.insert({title:"The Hangover Part II", description :"Stu, Alan and Phil wake up in Bangkok with a hangover and realise that Stu's soon-to-be brother-in-law Teddy is missing. They must now trace Teddy and return in time for Stu's wedding.", ratingimdb : "6.5/10", ratingrottentomtoes:"33%", releaseyear : "2011", noofuserrated : "12941", timelength :"1hr 42min", directorname : "Todd Phillips", cateogry :["Comedy"], language:["English"], starcast :" Bradley Cooper , Zach Galifianakis,  Ed Helms ", postername:"hangover part2", storyline : " Stu is getting married. Along with Doug, Phil, and his soon-to-be brother-in-law Teddy, he regretfully invites Alan to Thailand for the wedding. After a quiet night on the beach with a beer and toasting marshmallows by the camp fire, Stu, Alan and Phil wake up in a seedy apartment in Bangkok. Doug is back at the resort, but Teddy is missing, there's a monkey with a severed finger, Alan's head is shaved, Stu has a tattoo on his face, and they can't remember any of it. The wolf-pack retrace their steps through strip clubs, tattoo parlors and cocaine-dealing monkeys on the streets of Bangkok as they try and find Teddy before the wedding."})


db.movies.insert({title:"Inferno", description :"When Robert Langdon wakes up in an Italian hospital with amnesia, he teams up with Dr. Sienna Brooks, and together they must race across Europe against the clock to foil a deadly global plot.", ratingimdb : "*", ratingrottentomtoes:"*", releaseyear : "2016", noofuserrated : "72541", timelength :"2hrs 1min", directorname : "Ron Howard", cateogry :["Mystery","Thriller","Science Fiction"], language:["English"], starcast :" Tom Hanks , Felicity Jones, Ben Foster", postername:"Inferno", storyline : "Academy Award® winner Ron Howard returns to direct the latest bestseller in Dan Brown's (Da Vinci Code) billion-dollar Robert Langdon series, Inferno, which finds the famous symbologist (again played by Tom Hanks) on a trail of clues tied to the great Dante himself. When Langdon wakes up in an Italian hospital with amnesia, he teams up with Sienna Brooks (Felicity Jones), a doctor he hopes will help him recover his memories. Together, they race across Europe and against the clock to stop a madman from unleashing a global virus that would wipe out half of the world's population"})


db.movies.insert({title:"Iron Man 3", description :"When Tony Stark's world is torn apart by a formidable terrorist called the Mandarin, he starts an odyssey of rebuilding and retribution.", ratingimdb : "7.3/10", ratingrottentomtoes:"79%", releaseyear : "2013", noofuserrated : "512541", timelength :"2hrs 10min", directorname : "Shane Black", cateogry :["Adventure","Action","Science Fiction"], language:["English"], starcast :" Robert Downey Jr,  Guy Pearce, Gwyneth Paltrow ", postername:"Iron Man 3",storyline : " Marvel's Iron Man 3 pits brash-but-brilliant industrialist Tony Stark/Iron Man against an enemy whose reach knows no bounds. When Stark finds his personal world destroyed at his enemy's hands, he embarks on a harrowing quest to find those responsible. This journey, at every turn, will test his mettle. With his back against the wall, Stark is left to survive by his own devices, relying on his ingenuity and instincts to protect those closest to him. As he fights his way back, Stark discovers the answer to the question that has secretly haunted him: does the man make the suit or does the suit make the man?"})

db.movies.insert({title:"Kick", description :"An adrenaline junkie walks away from a whirlwind romance and embraces a new life as a thief, though he soon finds himself pursued by veteran police officer and engaged in a turf war with a local gangster.", ratingimdb : "5.5/10", ratingrottentomtoes:"*", releaseyear : "2014", noofuserrated : "12541", timelength :"3hrs", directorname : "Sajid Nadiadwala", cateogry :["Adventure","Action","Science Fiction"], language:["Hindi"], starcast :" Salman Khan, Jacqueline Fernandez", postername:"kick",storyline : " On a train journey in Warsaw, psychiatrist Shaina meets Himanshu, who is a police officer from India to discuss their prospective marriage. Both are reluctant to enter into an arranged union but become friends and strike a deep conversation where Shaina reveals her previous relationship with the eccentric Devi, a man who lived only for his 'Kick' aka an adrenaline rush . Despite his idiosyncrasies they embark on a whirlwind romance, until one day he breaks up with her for a new 'Kick' and walks away never to return. Himanshu in turn regales her with his glorious escapades as an officer but mentions that he has finally met his match, an intelligent thief. What they are both unaware of is that their stories have one thing in common, Devi. He returns to their lives under the pretext of having lost his memory. Behind it all, is a deeper mystery and an uncompromising mission for which Devi is ready to lose his life."})

db.movies.insert({title:"Man of Steel", description :"When a young boy discovers that he has extraordinary powers, he decides to find out about his origin. He then learns to fight for Earth when it gets attacked by members of his own race.", ratingimdb : "7.2/10", ratingrottentomtoes:"56%", releaseyear : "2013", noofuserrated : "121541", timelength :"2hr 28min", directorname : "Zack Snyder", cateogry :["Adventure","Action"], language:["English"], starcast :" Henry Cavill,  Amy Adams, Michael Shannon ", postername:"Man of steel",storyline : " A young boy learns that he has extraordinary powers and is not of this Earth. As a young man, he journeys to discover where he came from and what he was sent here to do. But the hero in him must emerge if he is to save the world from annihilation and become the symbol of hope for all mankind."})


db.movies.insert({title:"Tamasha", description :"Ved and Tara meet in Corsica, where their mingling on the condition of anonymity makes cupid strike. Once back in Delhi, Tara must deal with a new Ved who embarks on a journey to find his true self.", ratingimdb : "7.2/10", ratingrottentomtoes:"*", releaseyear : "2015", noofuserrated : "52541", timelength :"2hrs 19min", directorname : "Imtiaz Ali", cateogry :["Comedy","Romance","Drama"], language:["Hindi"], starcast :" Deepika Padukone, Ranbir Kapoor", postername:"tamasha", storyline : " Tamasha is about the journey of someone who has lost his edge in trying to behave according to socially acceptable conventions of the society. The film is based on the central theme of abrasion and loss of self that happens in an attempt to fit in oneself back."})


db.movies.insert({title:"The Dark Knight", description :"Batman has a new foe, the Joker, who is an accomplished criminal hell-bent on decimating Gotham City. Together with Gordon and Harvey Dent, Batman struggles to thwart the Joker before it is too late.", ratingimdb : "9/10", ratingrottentomtoes:"94%", releaseyear : "2008", noofuserrated : "2112541", timelength :"2hrs 32min", directorname : "Christopher Nolan", cateogry :["Action","Crime","Drama"], language:["English", "Hindi"], starcast :" Christian Bale, Heath Ledger, Aaron Eckhart", postername:"the dark night",storyline : "Set within a year after the events of Batman Begins, Batman, Lieutenant James Gordon, and new district attorney Harvey Dent successfully begin to round up the criminals that plague Gotham City until a mysterious and sadistic criminal mastermind known only as the Joker appears in Gotham, creating a new wave of chaos. Batman's struggle against the Joker becomes deeply personal, forcing him to "confront everything he believes" and improve his technology to stop him. A love triangle develops between Bruce Wayne, Dent and Rachel Dawes."})



